[DOCS] Update Use Great Expectations with Amazon Web Services using Athena (#8406)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/setup/installation/components_local/_install_ge_with_pip.mdx

> Run one of the following commands to use pip to install Great Expectations:

Author: ```suggestion
Run one of the following code blocks to use pip to install Great Expectations:
```
